Allow tests to be excluded for a specific line (#6706)
jenkinsci/bom: RELEASING.md

* [Pin htmlpublisher 1.36 for older lines](https://github.com/jenkinsci/bom/pull/3975)

##### Excluding a failing test

> Sometimes a plugin update introduces a test failure but the test failure does not justify a rollback of the plugin update in the BOM.  In that case, individual test failures can be ignored by adding entries to the `excludes.txt` file.  The `excludes.txt` file format is described in the [Maven surefire plugin documentation](https://maven.apache.org/components/surefire/maven-surefire-plugin/test-mojo.html#excludesFile).

Reviewer: try to keep to one sentence per line.  makes leaving comments and following diffs much easier.
```suggestion
Sometimes a plugin update introduces a test failure but the test failure does not justify a rollback of the plugin update in the BOM.
In that case, individual test failures can be ignored by adding entries to the `excludes.txt` file.
The `excludes.txt` file format is described in the [Maven surefire plugin documentation](https://maven.apache.org/components/surefire/maven-surefire-plugin/test-mojo.html#excludesFile).
```

> If a test only fails on a specific line of the BOM, it can be listed in an exclusion file that is specific to the line, as in `excludes-2.541.x.txt`.  If an exclusions file exists for a specific line of the plugin BOM it is used instead of the general `excludes.txt` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a test only fails on a specific line of the BOM, it can be listed in an exclusion file that is specific to the line, as in `bom-2.541.x/excludes.txt`.  
If an exclusions file exists for a specific line of the plugin BOM it is merged with the general `excludes.txt` file.
```
